The question is:

Database design techniques include the ability to identify and design five normalization levels: 
- first normal form through fifth normal form. 
Search the Internet or visit your local library for information 
on these techniques and describe how to identify and design each nor- malization level.

ANSWER

FIRST
For a table to be in the First Normal Form, it should follow the following 4 rules:

It should only have single(atomic) valued attributes/columns.
Values stored in a column should be of the same domain
All the columns in a table should have unique names.
And the order in which data is stored, does not matter.

SECOND
For a table to be in the Second Normal Form,

It should be in the First Normal form.
And, it should not have Partial Dependency.

THIRD
A table is said to be in the Third Normal Form when,

It is in the Second Normal form.
And, it doesn't have Transitive Dependency.

BOYCE AND CODD NORMAL FORM
Boyce and Codd Normal Form is a higher version of the Third Normal form. 
This form deals with certain type of anomaly that is not handled by 3NF. 
A 3NF table which does not have multiple overlapping candidate keys is said to be in BCNF. 
For a table to be in BCNF, following conditions must be satisfied:

R must be in 3rd Normal Form
and, for each functional dependency ( X → Y ), X should be a super Key.

FOURTH
Fourth Normal Form (4NF)

A table is said to be in the Fourth Normal Form when,

It is in the Boyce-Codd Normal Form.
And, it doesn't have Multi-Valued Dependency.

FIFTH
Fifth normal form (5NF), also known as project-join normal form (PJ/NF), 
is a level of database normalization designed to reduce redundancy in relational databases recording multi-valued
 facts by isolating semantically related multiple relationships. 
 A table is said to be in the 5NF if and only if every non-trivial join dependency in that table is implied by the candidate keys.

A join dependency *{A, B, … Z} on R is implied by the candidate key(s) of R if and only if each of A, B, …, Z is a superkey for R